Hello, welcome to my guide on how to create a Raspberry NES with RetroPIE, Kodi and more!

In this first video we will demo the possibilities, many fast-forward will be seen but ill put a timer to show you the real time it took!

Then I will show you the structure of the tutorial by chapter, each chapter will be in a separate youtube video for many reasons

1) A 60 minute video, is not appealing
2) Each user has different knowledge, so skip the parts you know!
3) I will be able to post a Chapter at a time and take all the effort in each smaller video to give you the best experience!



Chapter List

00) This demo, the prologue with the chapter list, I hope you are currently enjoying it!
01) Your Shopping list to replicate this project and an explanation of why some part over other similar
02) Modding your NES case, removing enought but not too much of the structure and the cable management
03) How so solder like a pro and not a noob, we will solder the arduino, the power/reset/led control board and 1 pin on the PI!
04) Getting ready to program the arduino and testing a useless code to explain the logic of this marvellous piece of technology!
05) The real code for the arduino, step by step explanation, you can skip and copy paste but if you want to brag to your friend follow!
06) Your first Raspberry OS RetroPIE, where to download, how to extract, how to prep the card and to write the image!
07) First Boot of your RetroPIE, basic config, setting wifi, changing the hotkey, GPU/RAM split and more!
08) Connecting to the PI via network, adding the roms, connecting via SSH to add the python script to use the front panel buttons
08.5) If you have sound issue we fix-it here in this extra chapter!
09) Advanced Retroarch, splash screen, themes, shaders, Downloading a new N64 emulator adding PS1 BIOS
10) Kodi, Please download LibreElec first then join me on the video we will do basic config
10.5) Windows 8.1 / 10, if you have invalid argument error, a quick regedit do the trick - follow here!
11) Adding new repos/addons/live stream for your Kodi
12) Raspbian, quick view, nothing in deep
13) Wrapping-Up

link youtube for this chapter : lorem ipsum
